Added documentation for admin:create-user (#792)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.md

- **merge**: Will create missing keys and merge existing keys with their new value.
- **keep**: Will create missing keys and keep existing keys as is.

## strapi admin:create-user

**Alias** `admin:create`

Creates an administrator.

> You can pass the administrator's first name, last name, email and password as options or set them interactively if you call the command without passing the options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrator's first name, last name, email, and password can be:
- passed as options 
- or set interactively if the command is run without any option.
```

**Example**

```bash

> strapi admin:create-user --firstname=Gordon --lastname=Strapisay --email=chef@strapi.io --password=Gourmet1234

Reviewer: ```suggestion
strapi admin:create-user --firstname=Kai --lastname=Strapisay --email=chef@strapi.io --password=Gourmet1234
```

so we keep the "Kai Doe" moniker that we use throughout the documentation 🙂

- **merge**: Will create missing keys and merge existing keys with their new value.
- **keep**: Will create missing keys and keep existing keys as is.

## strapi admin:create-user

**Alias** `admin:create`

Creates an administrator.
Administrator's first name, last name, email, and password can be:

> - Passed as options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- passed as options
```

> - Set interactively if you call the command without passing any option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- set interactively if you call the command without passing any option
```

> - set interactively if you call the command without passing any option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- or set interactively if you call the command without passing any option.
```
